c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.config
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.pdb
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.ConnectionUI.Dialog.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.ConnectionUI.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.SqlEnum.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ServiceBrokerEnum.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.Form1.resources
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.pdb
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.application
C:\Users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mbustamante\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.application
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.config
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.pdb
C:\Users\Miguel\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.config
C:\Users\Miguel\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe
C:\Users\Miguel\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.pdb
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.application
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.pdb
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.ConnectionUI.Dialog.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.ConnectionUI.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.SqlEnum.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ServiceBrokerEnum.dll
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.Form1.resources
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mbustamante\Source\Repos\configManager\EvoScriptExecute\EvoScriptExecute\obj\Debug\EvoScriptExecute.application
